Hello, and welcome to the final module of this course on JSON with Java.
In this module,
you're going to learn more about integrating JSON with existing web
frameworks and also cover a few summary topics.
This will help you save time and be more productive when
using the most common Java frameworks.
We're going to cover a couple of key integration points in this module.
Firstly, we're going to look at how to integrate JSON parsing with Spring,
a very popular framework for web development.
You'll see how to integrate it with Spring Web and Spring Boot.
Then we'll look at how to integrate JSON with JAX-RS and Jersey.
JAX-RS is a commonly used standard approach for the development
of web services that produce JSON and XML.
After this, we will evaluate some alternatives to JSON.
JSON is really commonly used as a serialization format in both the
server-to-server and server-to-JavaScript client use cases.
In the former case,
there are several serialization options that can offer more features,
schema support, and performance than JSON. And finally, we'll wrap up and conclude the course.